

Earth-5 split from the Earth-{0} fractal (Earth-null, Laniakea, or the "Central Finite Curve") in the year 5656 BC to become its own independent universe due to outside intervention from Agent Blue (This is How You Lose the [space]Time War). Blue worked to prepare the Alaska natives for the Spanish Inquisition by safely exposing them to samples of European diseases early on.

1066 AD

The Norman Conquest is thwarted by the Celts, the Greens, and the Norse Force.

1399

The Industrial Revolution happens early, spreading from Joseon to Japan and through the Bering Commonwealths and the Pacific Union.

1492

Christopher Colombus is crucified by the Maya Army fighting under the command of Quetzlcoatlus incarnate, the knight Hiro Bluetooth, who anticipated and prophecized his arrival.

The Spaniards are pursued back across the Atlantic by the Aztecá armada and some opportunistic Joseon and Brazilian pirates.

1542

The Holy Romanorman Coalition finally forces Corea-Mongolia out of Europe with thermonuclear weapons.

1616

Skeletons and trace fossils of giant angellic and satanic creatures are discovered beneath Stonehenge.

1776

A team of elite demon hunters is selected by the Oracle of the Palestine Holy See to fight an impending demon apocalypse.

1876

The firmament between Universe-5 and Universe-6 is broken, and demons pour forth from the cracks. The Three Privateers finally draw their devil-weapons from the omnipresent energy of the samsarā to beat the demons into pieces.

1886

The British East India Company is boycotted for selling demon offal.

1966

The barrier is ruptured due to a great lull in human spirit. The Second Wave of Demons pour forth from the cracks, and the world is briefly ruled by Hellish creatures.

2012

The demons are finally defeated by the united power of the Imperium of Purusa, the successor to the Nauhlatl League of Nations, and the virality of the song "Gangnam Style".

2026

The Rapture happens as the Central Finite Curve is destroyed. All worlds are briefly united into a single environment.

2036

University of Afghanistan is established on the peak of K2 to educate the young humans, witches, and demons of Earth-(a + bi**)** in witchcraft.
0
